Dxvk hud disabled by default (#86)
vinegarhq/vinegarhq.github.io: src/Configuration/tips-and-tricks/index.md

## Environmental variables
+ `WINEESYNC`: allows Wine Staging to use Esync, please see [HowToEsync](https://github.com/lutris/docs/blob/master/HowToEsync.md) for more information.
+ `WINEDEBUG`: for performance reasons, this has been set to `-all`, which disables most of the logging. In order to debug crashes of Wine, it is recommended to set this to an empty string (`""`).

> + `DXVK_HUD`: is a variable used by DXVK for a hud, for more information about it you can see the [DXVK README](https://github.com/doitsujin/dxvk#hud), which includes various other variables that can be set. This is disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ `DXVK_HUD`: is a variable used by DXVK for a hud, for more information about it you can see the [DXVK README](https://github.com/doitsujin/dxvk#hud), which includes various other variables that can be set. This is can be set, for example, to `fps` to display an fps counter.
```
